So let's create the place model now.
Well before we do that what is the place model actually.
Well Mongo debriefings in database collections and documents logic.
This means we have a database which can contain one or multiple collections and the collection can contain
one or multiple documents.
And in our case each single document is a new place that we stored.
That's among the D.B. side from on side.
We think in schema and model logic a schema is the blueprint of a document that we want to store.
So in our case the blueprint of a place for example we can make sure that a place must contain a title.
So this is the blueprint the schema based on the schema we create the so-called model.
And each instance of this model in our code will then result in a new document.
So that's what we want to achieve right here.
We want to create the schema and the model and the next lecture we want to instantiate the model to
make sure that we can store a new document or a new place in our project.
Let's get started with the place schema therefore for this I'll go to the models folder create a new
file named place dot J.S. not a schema and Mongoose model are concepts related to mongoose.
Therefore we have to import Mongoose first.
So we require Mongoose here and the schema is also a special concept part of mongoose.
Therefore we have to create a schema constant here which accesses this schema method.
Now we can create another constant.
This will now be our actual schema and we could call it place schema as this is the specific schema
for a single place.
Here we now instantiate our schema and create a new javascript object and this object now contains the
logic for our blueprint all for later document.
We have such a blueprint already actually s dummy code though here in our places controller's file dummy
places also has the general idea behind a document.
We for example don't need this I.D. property anymore because the I.D. will be created automatically
by Mongo DV When we store a document.
We'll see that later.
But title description location and so on.
These are properties that we want to have in our document and therefore also in our schema.
Let's start with the title.
And at the same call in here and we could say that the title should just be a string that would be possible
but here I would rather add an object because I want to add more information to the title because as
I said the title should be of type String but the title should also be required.
This means the title must not be empty and I guess this makes sense because a place of the title well
not too helpful therefore we should set required here to true.
We can actually copy this because you might need that more off near the second property is our.
This corruption that is corruption well should also be a string and is required.
Now I want to add a new property we didn't have so far in our places comptroller and this is the image.
Now one important note here the image is not the actual file.
When you work with databases the image always is a you are L so your l pointing towards a file which
is not stored in our database because storing files or images in a database is not a good idea because
it kind of contradicts the idea of a database which should be fast and we should be able to execute
queries as quick as possible.
If you imagine storing big files there well this would slow down your database.
And this is definitely not what you want.
Therefore you will use a you r l your l will also be a string and will be required so we can again use
same logic.
We also need an address in the address.
Well it would also be a string and required to get rid of these double empty spaces here and then we
also need to location.
The location is a bit different because in contrast to all previous properties we now have a nested
object because here in all places controller you can see that the location contains the lat and long
properties no mongoose is able to interpret that so we can easily also add a nested object here and
now at the latitude which here should not be of type String but of type no and required should again
be true.
Can actually copy paste this and also do the same thing for the long etude.
So here we can also use this nested object logic.
The last thing we need is our creator here.
The Creator will again be of type String and will be required to come in here and the creator later
will be replaced by a real unique idea.
I mentioned that with the places already that the idea will be created automatically among would be
same thing will happen later when we create a new user for the moment.
We just use dummy information so we enter the user idea manually and with that we actually created our
schema already.
This was only step one though as I said we have schema then we need to model.
And then each instance off the model we create the document.
So to create this model we now simply add module exports and this should be equal to our mongoose.
And now the model method.
That's a special method available here in Mongoose and model the return a constructor function later
we have to add two arguments to this function.
The first argument is the name of the model.
The convention here is to use an uppercase starting character and a singular form no plural form.
Well as our model is here to create a new place place is actually a fitting name I guess by the way
this will also be the name of our later collection.
The collection will not have the upper case starting character and it will be plural though.
So our collection will be named places.
Then the second argument is our schema that we want to refer to in our model and that's our place schema
right here.
With that we created our Mongo schema and the corresponding model.
Now it's time to use this model and to create our first document.